Before submitting this file, make sure that there are no more TODO
values left in the file (besides the one in this introduction of course).

Fundamental Warmup
------------------
Q1. If looking at a call stack, what would be the indication that the
program being debugged uses recursion?
A1: Multiple calls to the same function, but with different variable increments


Q2: What is the value of parameter `n` at level 0 in the call stack?
What is the highest numbered level shown in the call stack?
A2: At level one, the value of n is zero, at level 2, the value of n is -16241, the highest value in the call stack
        16236 total levels of factorial()


Q3:  Describe the difference in observed symptoms of a program that
goes into an infinite loop versus one that goes into infinite recursion.
A3: The difference can be observed in the debugger, as an infinite loop will close the debugger and terminate,
    while infinite recursion will continue to execute and recurse until there is no more stack memory.


Q4. What are the specific values of base/exp that result in a test failure?
A4: exponent, exp values of -1 did not get the double value, and would simply return 0


Q5: Of the four base cases, which do you think are redundant and can
be removed from the function? Which do you think are absolutely necessary?
Are there any base cases that you're unsure about?
A5: the base case of exp == 1 is redundant because the recursive function accounts for that since exp - 1 will result in the other base case being utilized i.e. exp ==0
    also, if base is 0, then the function will return zero since zero is one of the factors
    My hypothesis was 50% correct,


Q6: Explain why removing the redundant base cases fixed the test failure.
A6: removing base cases simplified the problem and minimized the risk of error-prone redundancies.


Q7: What is the result of attempting to compute 0 raised to a negative
power without a special case for base == 0?
A7: infd at first, but when I fixed the problem it passed all tests.


Balance Operators
-----------------
Q8: Compare your recursive solution to the iterative approach used for the
Check Balance problem in Section1. Which version do you find easier to
read and understand? Which version is easier to confirm that it has the
correct behavior?
A8: TODO

Sierpinski
-----------
Q8. Without automated unit tests, you need to develop new techniques for
test coverage. What were the strategies you used for testing Sierpinski?
A8: TODO

Merge
-----
Q9: Give a rough estimate of the maximum length sequence that could be
successfully merged on your system assuming a recursive implementation of
binary merge.
A9: The previous factorial recursive crash ended at stack frame 16,451. with each recursive stack frame, the operations more than double with sorting,
    and are doubled again folding back up the call stack. The maximum length implementation would be far less than 16,000
    My merge is O(n)

Q10: What would be the observed behavior if attempting to merge a sequence
larger than that maximum?
A10: the program would not be able to handle the memory load and crash the program.

Q11: Include the data from your execution timing and explain how it supports
your Big O prediction for merge.
A11: TODO

Q12. Include the data from your execution timing and explain how it supports
your Big O prediction for multiMerge.
A12: TODO

Q13: Include the data from your execution timing and explain how it supports
O(n log k) behavior for recMultiMerge.
A13: TODO

Q14: Earlier you worked out how a recursive implementation of merge would
limit the allowable input sequence length. Are the limits on the call stack
also an issue for the recursive implementation of recMultiMerge? Explain why
or why not.
A14: TODO


Backtracking Warmup
-------------------
Q15: What is the value of the totalMoves variable in hanoiAnimationafter
stepping over the call to moveTower?
A15: 15

Q16: What is the value of the totalMoves variable inside the first moveTower
call after stepping over its first recursive sub-call? (In other words, just
after stepping over the first recursive sub-call to moveTower inside the else
statement in the recursive function.)
A16: 7

Q17: After breaking at the base case of moveTower and then choosing Step Out,
where do you end up? (What function are you in, and at what line number?) What
is the value of the totalMoves variable at this point?
A17: After stepping out, the debugger is still in the moveTower() function on line 65 in the else statement, the value of totalMoves is 1

Q18: What is the smallest possible input that you used to trigger the bug in 
the program?
A18: TODO

Q19: What is the one-character error in the program?
A19: it is the  +  in +=

Q20: Explain why that one-character bug causes the function to return the exact
output you see when you feed in the input you provided in Q5. You should be able
to specifically account for where things go wrong and how the place where the error
occurs causes the result to change from “completely correct” to “terribly wrong.”
A20: TODO
